update rekey function tutorial inline with changes to ksqlDB master (#419)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/rekeying-function/ksql/markup/dev/continuous-rekey.adoc

Now, using ksqlDB's appropriately-named `PARTITION BY` clause, we can apply the results of `REGEXREPLACE` as the key for each message and write the result to a new stream.

> As we're not partitioning by an existing column, ksqlDB will add a new column to the `customers_by_area_code` stream to how the result of our function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

As we're not partitioning by an existing column, ksqlDB will add a new column to the `customers_by_area_code` stream based on the result of our function call.

```
